c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\OrdersManagement.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\OrdersManagement.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\OrdersManagement.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\obj\Debug\OrdersManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\obj\Debug\OrdersManagement.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\obj\Debug\OrdersManagement.pdb
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\Json.dll
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrdersManagement\OrdersManagement\bin\Json.pdb
